pastor true getnet let that little
chilly get off your makes us stronger I
need you hurry up now cuz I can't wait
much longer I know I got to be right now
cuz I can't get much stronger man
amazing how do you do it you've always
been like this ever since the day I
first met you always ready to meet the
next challenge even if it's bigger than
you are
so we meet at last we have been
expecting you decorah we were beginning
to think you wouldn't show hopefully now
things will get more interesting around
here how can this be happening die you
must super-elite the prince of all sins
he is just a low-level a common soldier
I am one of the greatest fighters in the
universe it was the same horn amic you
had improved so much that it made
raccoon look like he was standing still
your power had increased so dramatically
since our battle on earth that I thought
you had done it I thought that you had
become a super saiyan it tore me apart
how could a low-class soldier complished
so easily what I I had struggled my
whole life to achieve after three
millennia it has finally happened a new
super saiyan has emerged and somehow I
have become this pompous witness
then at last it happened I do transform
after living every moment of every day
for the singular purpose of surpassing
you I finally became a Super Saiyan
myself the prince had reclaimed his
blown and fulfilled his destiny but no
matter how strong I became your power
still exceeded mine at first I thought
it was your loved ones that it was your
instinct to protect them that spurred
you on and pushed you beyond your limits
but then I found myself with a family of
my own and my power didn't increase at
all I used to fight for the sheer
pleasure of it for the thrill of the
hunt oh I have the strength unmeasured i
spare no one and yet you shouldn't murr
say to everyone even your fiercest
enemies even me yet you never fought to
kill more for revenge only to test your
limits and to push us of beyond them to
become the strongest you could possibly
hear
how can I say in fight and at the same
time be so gentle that he wouldn't hurt
a fly it makes me angry just thinking
about it but perhaps it is my anger
that's made me blind to the truth I
serve all I see it now this day is made
it all too clear you're better than me
Kakarot you are the best